every user writes down stuff they're interested in cooperating on with other
people. you write down multiple classifieds.

	(this is so that we can avoid the problem of summarizing stuff with an
	extra LLM pass)

if 2 people have compatible interests, they get notified that there's a match.

	(we compute a score and written rationale by LLM)

both sides get the full text of the compatible classifieds.

if both sides say "yes", they get to see each others' contact info.

---

matches where one side said "no" stop being visible for the other user.

each user can have up to N open classifieds.

classifieds can be deleted.

users have to pick a reasonably non-trivial password.

users have to pass a captcha to register.

users have to confirm their email address to register.
their email is what'll be exchanged.

users can log in via google, maybe some other oauth providers.

---

implementation:
	database
		user
			email
			password hash  (or whatever you need for oauth)
			email confirmation - (token, timeout)

		classified
			user id
			text
			created at
			embedding

		pair
			(classified 1, classified 2) ids
			nullable - match score (say 1..7)
			nullable - LLM explanation of match

		pair rating
			pair id
			user id
			state: {yes, pending, no}
			comment (written by user)

	background process

		compute embeddings for classifieds

---

TODO: decouple exchanged contact info from email used for login

TODO: add "freeform text for matches" - e.g. "i prefer to communicate over <x>"

TODO: might be nice to have an option to write down an unstructured profile,
where you'd list a bazillion things and the AI would match also on partial
matches, which would then see just the description of the matching
*intersection*. but that'd be an extra LLM operation - more potential for
prompt injection etc.

TODO: moderation for classifieds - if you don't pass moderation, some sort of
flagging or whatever

TODO: how to do this with a bigger group, like "we're a band of 3 ppl looking
for a drummer"? something like a "profile" / "classified" with multiple "input"
& "output" slots? more advanced matching?

